Cleanup docker tutorial (#551)
foundriesio/docs: source/tutorials/getting-started-with-docker/gs-summary.rst

Summary
-------
You have learned the basic commands and structure of Docker and ``docker-compose`` applications.
In the next tutorial, you will commit and push your changes to the remote ``containers.git`` repository.

> The FoundriesFactory® CI will then build and deploy this application as a **Target** which can be applied to your device.

Author: ```suggestion
The FoundriesFactory® CI will build and deploy this app as a **Target** which can be applied to your device.
```
